---
layout: post
title: Ghost Stories - Part 3
comments: true
tags: [japan, ghosts, paranormal]
---

This week’s story is going to be a strange one. Of all my experiences this is the one that is the hardest (understandably) to believe and was an experience for me that I never want to repeat.

Sometime in late 2011, early 2012 I had a very strange dream.

It started off in some sort of very large warehouse. Some of my work friends and I were chasing a yeti-looking thing around for who knows what reason when I find myself in an aisle with tall racks on either side (think Costco or Sam’s Club). Right in the middle of the aisle is a desk with a computer on it which seemed like a very strange place for a desk. As I walk closer to the desk I start hearing music and for a moment, on the monitor, I see a girl dressed in black, surrounded by figures in black, playing an instrument and singing.

Your life is a jaded wreck…

The tune lingers on the air as I sit down and the video disappears. On the screen now is a Wikipedia looking article of some sort. The article went on and on about some sort of insurance conspiracy that could be identified by a small image of a ship on the bottom of their webpages. The mouse moves to the image and I click it.

Water.

I’m standing over an ocean, the waves are high but I seem to roll over them. It’s dark and windy – in the distance, a ship draws closer to me.

Your life is a jaded wreck…

I hear the music again. The ship seems to dive into the water and disappear. Off to my right the ship appears again but instead of masts it’s the upper body of what appear to be Samurai. They dip down under water again and disappear. All of a sudden, the body of the Samurai is in front of me, his fist raised! I reflexively pull my arms up to my head and roll over trying to protect myself.

I wake up.

I’m laying in my bed, on my stomach. I’m wide awake and can feel the weight of the blankets on my body and I can feel the air my fan is blowing across my face. Lord of the Rings is still playing on my laptop and the light from my hallway is filtering through the curtains, dimly lighting my room. I reflect briefly on what a weird dream that was before I try to move and then – sleep paralysis.

I’m wide awake but I can’t move. This isn’t my first time experiencing this, I know that it’s just my body lagging behind my mind and the signals aren’t quite matching up. Focus on something little, a pinky finger or a toe and just slowly try to wiggle it. Eventually you’ll either fall back asleep or wake up completely. I start focusing on my fingers.

Then weight.

Someone is sitting on me! There’s someone else in my room! The weight causes me to sink deeper into my bed and I can feel someone sitting on my lower back and then – blows! I’m being punched, one after another blows are being landed across my upper back and shoulders. At this point I’m no longer trying to focus on something small, I’m trying to scream with every fiber of my being and nothing is coming out.

Seconds that feel like minutes go by and finally, by some stroke of luck I manage to move my arms out from under me and push myself off the bed. I get up fully expecting to fight with some drunk idiot but instead I find…

no one.