---
layout: post
title: Ghost Stories - Part 1
comments: true
tags: [japan, ghosts, paranormal]
---

Do you believe in ghosts? Up until 2011, I didn’t. However, before I can go talking about my ghostly experiences, I have to give a bit of backstory.

> Most of these stories take place between 2011 and 2013, nearly a decade ago now. I don’t remember exact dates (although Facebook does) so I’m going to be pretty vague with actual dates and times. I’ll reference a general period of the year (beginning, middle, end, etc) and a general time (11PM, Noon, Evening, etc).

In 2011 I moved to Misawa, Japan. Growing up, visiting Japan was one of many dreams I had and now I was actually being paid to live there! I couldn’t have been more excited than the day I arrived in country. Alas, this Ghost Series isn’t so I can talk about Japan, I’ll do that in other posts. What matters here is that I never saw a ghost, let alone considered that ghosts could be real, until I lived in Japan.

The first few stories I’m going to share are ones that happened in the dorms we lived in. To do that I need to describe the rooms first – look at the photo above.

The above photo is taken from where my desk was positioned. You can see my bed, my little kitchenette, and the hallway behind the curtains there that led to the bathroom and the main door (in front of the black mat). Considering I didn’t have any roommates or even a shared bathroom, these setups were preem.

Now, probably the most crucial detail to my first experience is the entry door. These doors were very heavy and made of thick steel with deadbolts in them, meaning that if the occupant closed the door and engaged the deadbolt, the only people getting in was the Fire Department. These doors functioned like hotel doors – the occupant was given a set of key-cards and if they left without the key-cards, you’d have to call Facilities to come open them for you. As a result, people would give their extra key-card to their friends. I gave mine to a friend and I had a couple of other people’s as well. This meant that if I locked myself out, I just had to get hold of one of them and I wouldn’t need to wait around for Facilities.

Why is this crucial? Well, if the doors are dead-bolted, even if someone on the outside used a key-card, the door wasn’t going to open. It would register the deadbolt and then ignore the signal from the card. As long as the deadbolt was in place, I didn’t have to worry about friends randomly coming in when I didn’t want company – such as when I’m sleeping.

Fast forward a few months later. By this time I had routines in place and the initial culture-shock had worn off. Life and everything in it up to this point is what I would classify as “normal”. I still didn’t believe in ghosts and I still had zero experiences of my own (although I had started hearing stories from friends about their experiences). My time was coming though.

Work night, middle of the week – about 11PM. I wake up to the very intense feeling of being watched. You know the feeling – hair standing up on the back of your neck, back feels all strange like someone is hovering over you? That. I roll over and see a figure of someone standing in the door way right in front of the curtains, next to my fridge. Now, initially I wasn’t shocked – I didn’t even think it was a ghost at first. I considered the time and the place – middle of the night, opposite shift is off – good chance it’s just a drunk friend who wandered into the wrong room. Wait…isn’t my door locked? I could have swore I dead-bolted my door.

I sit up and ask something to the affect of is everything okay? but before I can even finish my sentence – they’re gone.

For a few seconds I sat there thinking about what just happened before ultimately deciding not to question it or push my luck. I rolled over and went back to sleep.

The next morning I check my door and sure enough…

Locked.

