---
layout: post
title: Ghost Stories - Part 2
comments: true
tags: [japan, ghosts, paranormal]
---

After my first experience, I wasn’t really sure what to think. Was it a dream?

The dream route seemed easy enough but the whole thing didn’t feel like a dream. I spoke with my mother about it who spoke to her friends and family about it. Eventually my mother passes me word from my grandfather who suggests that if I see the figure again, not to move and instead just try to watch it. He seemed to believe that sometimes all a ghost wants is to be acknowledged. This seemed easy enough but I wasn’t sure I was going to see it again anyway. The general theme with most ghost stories tends to be “I saw it once and never saw it again”, so what are the chances I’d see it twice?

Pretty good, apparently.

An amount of time went by – how long? No idea, I was living life! I didn’t count the weeks from event to event but at the very minimum I’d guess about a month went by without anything creepy or weird.

Middle of the week, day off – roughly between midnight and 1AM.

I once again wake to the very intense feeling of being watched. I remembered what my mother had relayed to me – just watch. I slowly rolled over to face my room but kept my blankets (read: magic protective layers) wrapped tightly around me. I looked to the doorway and there it was again, the figure. The fridge next to it gave me the opportunity to measure it – it seemed to stand (float?) around five feet tall and was relatively thin. For a few moments it stood there, almost like it was waiting for something.

Then…movement.

Slowly, what seemed like an inch at a time, it moved deeper into the room towards me. As it came closer, I started to see more. A woman of some sort, long dark hair, a white gown with what looked like frills at the bottom – a night gown? The face was…empty – just blank nothing covered partly by her hair that fell a little longer than shoulder length. There was a general translucence – I could see through her but it as if I was looking through a thin curtain. If I had to give it a visual reference, I’d say something along the lines of a less grungy version of the girl from the Ring (I tried to look up an image to use just now and holy smokes Momo is creepy).

After an eternity, she stood directly across from my head, about three or so feet away. Waiting, watching – I don’t know, but she’s there. I’m still watching, waiting, and holding back an unbelievable urge to run.

Then she ruins it.

Ever talk to your dog and they tilt their head all confused like? That cute little head tilt? Not as cute when it’s a ghost. She tilts her head as if she’s puzzled by my presence (the audacity) and that unbelievable urge to run turns into a nopenopenope. In what is probably the fastest I’ve ever moved, I grabbed my phone off the headboard, unlocked it and pointed the light towards her in one swift motion and….gone.

Disbelief.

Did I really just see that? Did that actually happen? I turned on all the lights, checked the closet and the bathroom (y’know, just in case) and slept with my back against the wall.

Time goes by…

