---
layout: post
title: Ghost Stories - Part 6
comments: true
tags: [japan, ghosts, paranormal]
---

This week I travel to the inter-dimensional realm and speak with the Lady in White herself…

Jokes.

After Part V’s adventure, not much happened. I’m not sure if she moved on to someone else or what but I never saw her again after that. So here in Part VI I’m going to talk about other little things that happened in the dorm itself.

**Phantom Footsteps**
The dorm we lived in was three stories high and no roof access. There were doors to get to the roof, however these were under lock and key – the only people having the key being the dorm manager who I think I only saw like twice the whole time I was there. To phrase it differently, no one ever saw anyone use the roof doors, nor did we ever see anyone on the roof.

Despite this, we’d occasionally hear footsteps on the roof above our rooms, some more than others. I heard the footsteps on my roof a few times but they weren’t loud enough to bother me however I did have a few friends who said they had times when it was like someone was dropping very heavy weights above them. We’d go check out the doors to see if anyone was up there and every time we checked – locked.

**Knock, Knock**
Remember the deadbolts in the doors? Common practice was to use the deadbolt as a doorstop to keep the door open if you were expecting visitors. I did this often on my days off in case any friends wanted to swing by or if we were all preparing to go somewhere. I remember sitting at my desk working on some photos when I heard a knock at my door. I replied with the usual What’s up? but was met with silence. So I got up, opened the door and looked down the hallway and saw nobody. Huh.

I sat back down at my desk and continued working. A few minutes later, another knock, a little harder this time. I get up, open the door and peek out into the hallway and once again, nothing. Someone is messing with me. Fine, I’ll wait.

I closed the door and stood behind it, my hand on the handle waiting for whoever it was to knock. A few seconds, turn into a few minutes. I’m about to call it quits when knock – I pull the door open and no one. There’s no one in the hallway, the motion lights are still off – nothing. I decided that was enough and closed my door.

**Teleporter**
During my time in Japan I picked up a bad habit (I quit, don’t worry!) smoking. Our dorm had a smoke pit right outside and it was a common hangout spot during bouts of boredom. I was having a smoke after dinner and the light was starting to fade. I was sitting on the bench facing my building and the building behind it was offset. I could see the end of my building and about eight rooms worth of the building behind it. This building was uninhabited and under construction at the time but – with it being the weekend, was currently empty.

I remember sitting there, puffing on my cigarette, and seeing someone walking along the second floor of the empty building. Something didn’t feel right though. It looked like he was walking through the walls inside the rooms just inside the windows instead of further back into the building where the hallway would be. I watch him for a few more seconds when – he’s on the third floor all of a sudden, going the same direction. He went from the second floor to the third floor in a split instant.

Now, could this have been coincidence? Absolutely. The only reason I give this moment any shred of belief that it might’ve been something paranormal is the accounts of a few thrill-seekers who have been inside the building before. They claimed that as they walked through the empty building there would be periods of coldness followed by an intense feeling of being watched. These people were so creeped out by this building they refused to go in it after their initial exploration.

Ghost or paranoia? Who knows.