---
layout: post
title: Reflection of Time
comments: true
tags: [thoughts, japan]
---

Recently a thought occurred to me. “If I woke up tomorrow and I was still in Japan, what would I do differently?”

For starters, I absolutely would have spent less time in my room and more time out exploring. Looking back, I imagine one of the reasons I stopped exploring in the first place was because I was tired of walking the same routes, in the same town, seeing the same things.

Thinking back, I have no idea why I didn’t take a taxi to the train station a few miles down the road and simply take a train to a neighboring town. Kevin and I did it once, not realizing how far away the train station really was, but that’s a story for another time.

I recall a lot of days spent wishing I was out doing something but instead I spent the evenings on Youtube, or gaming, or drinking. That’s not to say there weren’t nights when that was the correct thing to do! Spending time with friends can be just as important as exploring, and when the weather was not exploration friendly – drinking and gaming was a great idea.

Would I have never smoked? Probably not. I feel that smoking is one of the things that made me who I am and in Japan there are so many different types of cigarettes that the memories from those exploits are pretty fond to me as well. I might have cut back on the smoking, but I definitely would not avoid it.

That isn’t to say there aren’t hobbies I wouldn’t do. I definitely would’ve stopped spending money on clothes and shoes, especially after realizing after all that money spent there were a lot of items I never wore and just ended up donating or giving away.

I took my camera with me everywhere, I wouldn’t change that. However, I would have taken a lot more photos and a lot more video so that on days like today I could watch them and remember life, when things were easier.

All in all, there isn’t much I would change – but I definitely would refocus. If you’re living there now, and you’re only there a limited time – definitely think about what future you would think of the way you’re spending your time.

Get out, and experience it.