---
layout: post
title: Ghost Stories - Part 7
comments: true
tags: [japan, ghosts, paranormal]
---

During my time in Misawa I heard many other ghost stories that were both experienced by friends and coworkers as well as stories that had been passed down through the ranks over the years.

One of the most famous takes place at a location called Leftwich park in which an on-duty Security Forces (SF) member working a nearby observation post noticed something strange taking place at the park. The observation post in question was a relatively slow post, making it perfect for idle chatter about one of our favorite topics – Ghosts. I originally heard this story before I had my own experiences, so I chalked it up to nonsense until much later – a story I’ll get to in a future post.

What exactly happens during the story depends on who you ask, such as the excerpt below which states the ghosts were seen near the park’s bathroom.

> “One of the stories recounts a two-man security forces patrol responding to a call concerning two children playing at Leftwich Park during the night. Keep in mind, Leftwich Park is tucked away in one of the darkest corners of Misawa Air Base. It’s almost always foggy after sundown and without a flashlight it’s pitch black. They scoured the entire park but found nothing. After checking the park’s bathroom, one of the patrolmen, who could be seen on closed security cameras, reported to the observation post they found no children. The observation post then radioed back, “What do you mean? They’re standing right next to you.”

The observation post in question monitored a nearby FLR9 (now defunct) structure that was also known as the Elephant Cage. One night while monitoring the area late one night, the on-duty SF member at the observation post noticed something strange taking place at the park. Upon zooming in with the camera they observed what appeared to be two people standing near the entrance. Taking the time of night and location into consideration the observation post decided to call a mobile unit to investigate. When the mobile unit came into view on camera, the observation post continued on his camera checks thinking the mobile patrol would take care of everything.

A minute or so later he hears the mobile unit come over the radio saying they were on site but didn’t see anyone at the park. The observation post switched back to the camera and saw the patrol vehicle, his two responding patrolmen standing in front of the vehicle and two human figures standing not far from the patrol car. When the observation post clarified “You don’t see anyone there?” their patrol responded with a confident “No one here.” The observation post told the mobile unit to call them and when they did he told them about what he saw – two figures standing within feet of the patrol car. The members on scene took a look around and when they saw nothing, they understandably freaked out and bailed.

As the patrol left the park, the observation post watched as the two figures disappeared into the woods.