---
layout: post
title: Bleach - Head Commander
comments: true
tags: [anime, bleach]
---

Bleach is returning with a new season soon (this year I think) and I'm looking forward to it. So as a result, I've decided to rewatch the series as it's been a few years since my last my watch. 

There's several things that have kind of annoyed me during this watch-through though, one namely being the stupidity, or arrogance, displayed by [Genryuusai Shigekuni Yamamoto](https://bleach.fandom.com/wiki/Genry%C5%ABsai_Shigekuni_Yamamoto), the Head Commander of the Gotei 13. 

I'm not going super in-depth here about this mainly because I don't think there's much need to. If you want to learn more about Yamamoto and his feats, history, etc, the link is above. There are some spoilers ahead, so if you haven't watched Bleach yet, here's your warning. 

There is one incident that comes to mind when I think of Yamamoto's arrogance and that comes from the Hueco Mundo arc, just after Inoue is captured by Aizen. He immediately declares Inoue a traitor without taking any information into consideration. Inoue, who was largely useless during the Rukia Execution Arc, somehow decides to defect, kill the two Shinigami escorting her and just vanishes. That's not jumping to conclusions, that's jumping off Everest. 

When Renji and Rukia express they want to establish a rescue team because they (are smart) believe Inoue was captured, Yamamoto tells them he won't allow it, and sends Captains Byakuya and Kenpachi to bring them back to Soul Society. Ichigo, obviously upset, says he'll go by himself, to which Yamamoto tells him no giving Ichigo reasons not to. I'll admit they're good reasons but my issue with it is that Ichigo is not a Shinigami under Yamamoto's command. Yamamoto has no say on what Ichigo can or cannot do. 

Ichigo is merely a Shinigami by chance. He hasn't died, he's not a member of the Gotei 13 and holds no official position other than "Substitute Shinigami", a title which has done nothing for him really. There's a whole arc about it at the end of the series. So the very idea that Yamamoto thinks he can order Ichigo around is laughable. 

Some of this falls on Ichigo, for even asking anything of Yamamoto. Ichigo should have just made his stance "I'm not yours to order around, etc" and made his way to Kisuke's shop. He got there eventually, with some teenage angst inbetween Point A and Point B. 

Throughout the series, Yamamoto displays some other features of arrogance but none that have annoyed me as much as the above. I understand he's from a different time, and holds a very high position - blah, blah, blah - but ole boy needs some better judgment in his life. 