---
layout: post
title: Ulsix the Deserter
comments: true
tags: [kheta]
---

“All of this happened ages ago, they say.” 

Kheta was only half listening by this point, her gaze focused on the map in front of her. She wasn’t interested in fairy tales or conspiracy theories, she was focused on the hunt in front of her. Her target had hidden himself inside a small town on the edge of Parusiva, a little town at the base of the mountain. She was attempting to capture a deserter from her home-town of Ostwyn who recently decided to add traitor to his list of crimes. Ulsix had abandoned his post almost a year ago and was recently rumored to have divulged sensitive information to a few of Ostwyn’s enemies in the far north. The elders of Ostwyn were not concerned with war or sabotage, however a leak was like a bad infection. Kheta was their cure. 

Tracking was one of Kheta’s specialties and it was one that she enjoyed doing the most. Very seldom did anyone elude Kheta and those rare few are at the top of Ostwyn’s dead or alive list. She had been tracking Ulsix for about three months now, stopping at multiple locations she had heard he frequented before finding the quaint little mountain village of Parusiva. 

Parusiva was not a popular location to visit and the locals didn’t mind this. They valued the quiet of their village and knew that an increase in visitors only meant that would disappear. An occasional trader would come by to rest or sell some wares but for the most part they were very self-sufficient and would often export goods to nearby towns. 

“Riste.” Kheta pointed to a scribble on the map. “What’s this?”

“That would be the old blacksmith’s shop. If I remember right, it was destroyed in a fire and rendered useless. It’s been abandoned for years.” Riste descended the stairs into the courtyard outside.

Kheta decided that she’d check the abandoned smithy out first. Surely a town the size of Parusiva would report a sudden suspicious stranger to the nearest local guard, but as far as she was aware they hadn’t heard anything. An abandoned shack would be the easiest way to go undetected. She would have Riste position himself just east of the shack, near where it connects to the village's main road in case Ulsix decided to run. Or was that too obvious? No matter, if Ulsix is in the shack she’d get him. 

She gathered her kit and sorted through her inventory. Traveling light would probably be better as to minimize noise and lessen the chance her prey could hear her coming. She took a dagger, a set of throwing darts and some tripwire. 

“Need any help?” Riste called from outside their second floor hideaway above the town hall, graciously provided by the elders of Paruvisa when they learned a fugitive was in their midst.

“Can you take care of the usual for me?” This was not Riste’s first hunt with Kheta and he was quite familiar with her style. He reflected on his missions with her before: the murderer they found in a bear cave, the kidnapper who thought himself smart by walking into a crowd during the summer festival, among countless others at this point. Kheta was always a take-them-by-surprise type and her size helped. At nearly six foot two, Riste was usually the door that blocked the exit and the brute force if things happened to go south. It wasn’t often they did but he’d stepped in a few times before. By ‘the usual’ he knew that meant his role in this was crowd control and to act as a barrier. If Ulsix managed to escape, Riste would be waiting for him in the only likely direction he’d go - into town. 

After a few more minutes of prep time, Kheta walked out swinging a throwing dart attached to a tripwire playfully around her arm. She motioned for Riste to follow and together they walked down the stairs where the village elders were waiting. 

“Have you figured it out?!” A dull hoarse voice greeted them with enthusiasm. It was the village leader, eager to be rid of any strangers, both good and bad. He was thankful for Kheta and Riste’s help but their presence meant something was wrong and he did not like that. It would be better if the problem was taken care of quickly so they could leave and he’d be free of the stress. Better for his heart that way. 

“I’m hopeful.” Kheta took a breath in and scratched her head. “If he’s here, he’s probably in the abandoned smithy on the other side of the village. If he’s not there, I doubt he’s still here. Our fugitive friend might be dumb enough to run, but he’s not stupid enough to hide somewhere he could be seen in a small town like this.”

The elders all seemed to jump for joy, as much as their achy old joints would let them. Kheta and Riste gave them a slight bow and dismissed themselves from the conversation that had suddenly erupted. 

“What’s the plan?” Riste held open the door for Kheta as they left the town hall and made their way towards the burnt out shop. 

“Once we’re close enough, we’ll split up. I’ll have you do your usual, just try to stay out of sight. I’ll make an entry through the side opposite the village and flush him out towards you.”

“In other words” - Riste put his hands behind his head - “you get to have all the fun, like always.”
