---
layout: post
title: PCL - Dynamic Dropout - A Wangan Story (DDWS Prologue)
comments: true
tags: [writing, stories, pcl, ddws]
---

Unfortunately, around 2011, PCL took its last breath. It had been moved to new leadership who had grand plans but unfortunately life got in the way and it never came to fruition. The shell of what remained was too broken and fragmented to survive and eventually the playerbase left altogether. 

Over the years there have been several attempts to bring it back but most of the playerbase has moved on and into other hobbies and interests. The younger generation doesn't seem too interested in forum-based games and with things like Facebook, Twitter, and Discord - forums are nearly extinct in and of themselves. 

Around 2015, I found a bunch of the stories that I had written during my time in PCL. Unfortunately I deleted a good amount of them but the ones I kept I started consolidating into a single story. 

I meant for this story to be an all encompassing tale about Pixel City and the adventures there with the races I judged but I burned out and never really managed to finish the project. 

Recently, I found the documents containing these stories and decided to bring them to light. Maybe I'll find the drive to re-imagine these stories and bring them back to life with a different flavor or twist. 

For now, I'll be posting the stories in snippets over the course of the next few days or weeks. Remember, I wrote these when I was pretty young and my knowledge of vehicles was limited to what I saw in Option, Initial D, or D1GP/Formula Drift and the like. 

But with that out of the way, here is the first installment of the *very* rought draft of what I had. 

**Dynamic Dropout: A Wangan Story - Prologue**

In the past few decades, Pixel City has changed in more ways than one. At one point in time it was a vibrant place booming with tourism to envy and filled with new beginnings. Then almost over night, it transformed into being a sorrow-some place that makes funerals look like a good time and chaos reigned supreme. Thousands of people lived in fear, and those lucky enough to have the ability to leave did just that. The population plummeted, the economy crashed and life for thousands went to shambles. However, the story for Pixel City is beginning to change. In recent years the city has started to level out and new leadership is breathing life into the once dead metropolis. 

Of the many things plaguing Pixel City, street racing is the most prevalent. Many years ago, just before the city took its plunge into darkness, the mayor at the time, Mayor Wellington, attempted to crack down on these illegal activities. He employed a Special Anti-Racing Task Force composed of hard hitting detectives and undercover officers.  One of those officers was Special Agent Mathis. A diehard officer who was married to his work, known as a cutthroat who devoured any in his path. Some referred to him as the most corrupt officer ever hired, others just pretended he didn’t exist. Everyone stayed out of his way. This would be the city’s downfall.

The Task Force, under the direction of Special Agent Mathis, worked wonders in quelling the underground. Racers and criminals alike fled to all parts of the globe but many did not escape his site. Mathis pursued a high value target known as Alpha to Hong Kong against the orders of the Mayor. As a result, Mathis was blacklisted and condemned into a rogue status. This event fueled Mathis into a rage, resulting in an untimely death on a foreign country’s highway. Alpha was never caught. 

Although Pixel City was now free of street racers, the city did not escape harm. The damage caused during the hunt, the lawsuits, and fees of these highly trained employees bankrupted the city government. As you can imagine, this did not go over well with taxpayers. Mayor Wellington and his staff were forced to resign from the council and the Special Task Force was disbanded. Many budget cuts were implemented city wide in an attempt to replenish their accounts and as a result, many government agencies such as the police departments and other emergency services, lost their employees to other cities and towns with better pay. The economy further plummeted as residents looked outward, crime skyrocketed as criminals took advantage, and things became catastrophically desolate as the population thinned. 

A few years and a few mayors later, Mayor Terry Rogers was voted into office. Thanks to his leadership, guidance, and many fresh new policies, Pixel City is once again beginning to thrive. The economy is on the mend, the crime rate is receding due to a newly established law enforcement agency, and tourism is on the rise as people come to see the healing city and learn its crime ridden history.  
	
As great as those things are, things are quite different underneath all the mending. A shadowy new organization known to some as The Syndicate, has made Pixel City its home. No one knows where they came from but those tuned in to the underground networks know their money is pouring into the lifeblood of the streets, and their influence is reaching places most only dream of. Very few know where to find them, and even fewer know who they are.

The true goal of The Syndicate remains unknown, but they seem focused on promoting the illegal racing occurring within the city’s borders, and the activities associated with it.  Some racers have been caught with drugs or illegal parts and others have been caught attempting to assassinate rival crew members. These things never make the news and the residents live in the bliss of ignorance in their new city. It’s only a matter of time before Pixel City begins it’s new life under The Syndicate’s control. Considering the city’s history, who knows what might be coming now. 
