---
layout: post
title: Bleach vs Naruto - Filler Episodes
comments: true
tags: [anime, bleach]
---

Anyone who watches anime is familiar with Filler Episodes. They're episodes that anime studios will put into their shows when they're either getting catching up to the source material and want to give the source material more time to come out with more content - or they've already caught up and are now just filling time with episodes until the source material starts up again. Either way, these are episodes that are usually non-canon and the stories usually have no direct impact on the story. Let's take a look at how Bleach filler episodes, compare with Naruto filler episodes. 

In my own opinion, Naruto handles filler episodes much better than Bleach did (albeit with a few exceptions). Naruto filler tends to take place within it's own little story-line. Characters that are gone during the main story don't make any appearances in the filler and abilities/powers the character had don't appear unless they've already been debuted previously and fit in with the timeline. 

Bleach however tends to violate this pretty often. An example would be during the Hueco Mundo Arc, Ichigo and all his friends are knee-deep in Hueco Mundo sand when a filler arc starts. All the characters, including the captured Inoue, are back in the world of the living fighting a new enemy. You immediately have to disregard the timeline and understand this is now an alternate universe where X event didn't happen because otherwise abilities and character appearances don't make any sense. 

If we take a look at Naruto filler, such as the filler episodes that came into play after Sasuke was initially wounded by Itachi, Sasuke and the gang are now on an island helping a friend of the Hokage's during a race. The filler ends with Sasuke being wounded again and right back in the hospital where the manga begins. This creates a more fluid timeline that fits with the manga, even though that arc never actually happened - it makes it more believable. 

I think this is why people had such issues with the Bleach anime filler - there was nowhere in the timeline these events seemed to fit without discounting events. Especially when some of that filler was nearly a year long. 

Now, Naruto isn't as innocent as I make it seem. They had their fair share of filler mishaps. The initial series filler can be dismissed relatively easy as it flows with the timeline and during that time they had probably caught up with the source material. This nearly two year period allowed time for Shippuuden to get some breathing room. 

But Shippuuden itself had a lot of fillers that didn't make sense, especially towards the Great Shinobi War when epic battles were suddenly filled with filler. Some of it made sense with the Infinite Tsukuyomi or whatever but there was a lot that didn't. 

Anyway, that's my little rant on Bleach vs Naruto filler. Filler sucks, but at least make it believable. 